hello dear friends with you little you
Today we look at the top free
ios games
or rather for ipad here let's
We 'll see with the game wars Tesla very
simple toy but at the same time
very addicting now see what
its meaning means we must repel
our base from incomprehensible to anyone
conquerors or rather such black
little men
as you understand the game is completely
for free and we have such a tesla
installation which allows
these men kill and not one
should not reach the border so as not to
break our tesla installation charge this
installation again there
here's the next gran teach where it is
of course in my account third place
it is dangerous to give a patch or want
I recently played the eldest free from
epic games game about a robot that
against everyone else play it after p
people here is a very beautiful screensaver
the game has its own style and its own unique
story so i think its worth downloading
he is anyway to see what she is from
represents himself
we play constantly some
locations and play for dalton what you need
just engage in shootings like this
there is for example we will let us become
shelter there on the shoots we open up
then back
run across and so all the time
the game will wait for us
and in completely different enemies from
heavy there is a forest and there is a boss again
you can pump your weapon
throw grenades that is very big
range of all sorts of possibilities in this game
given as I repeat again
the game is free and very nice here
graphics is one of the few free games
whose class has such a new chic schedule
why a third person game and gameplay
quite interesting such approximations
so cool and the queue is the second
the place is the tool lessons game which
will allow you to plunge into the virtual
Kira so to speak
let's add some light
feel virtual dash version 2
games already have you participate play for
some
soldier here even have some kind of his
stories here are a very cool system
pumping a lot of weapons like you
see the pumping system lies in
that we can see our weapons with
any party to put
different modules ie whether the store
silencer long barrel sight with each
level more and more to blow up and
money and everything is steeper and cooler pumped
your weapon
let 's show you how the game looks
And play as I said very much
interesting but unfortunately the game is on
English is now loaded here
so here is the gameplay that is, we
we introduce such a gun can
we can register headshots just for
chick sit down there is reloading about i
never forget to be in time
kill all enemies you can paint over
by the way the weapons in this game feel
there are also nishtyaki such as
pony boxes fire get that
what is in them can be from
money to health here's a scale
health and scale directly waves
which falls on you like this
here's a cool game
again is on top in this
you can easily download it
the last crown of the collection is
danjen hunter 4 I think a surprise for
it does n't matter to you because the game is again
same spread free go
There are also in-game purchases but still
she is free
beautiful graphics great plot
Russian translation opportunity
play online with friends
kolob that is a huge range of services in
this game and everything spreads
is free
I can even point out that there is a review on
my channel you definitely look
I put the link in the description now I tell you
just show the game created by
gameplay
well known but tell about her
here I will not therefore look at the review
I had lemonade with you on the channel
subscribe to see put your fingers
up sure to ask your questions
criticize me if you want bye